---
autotoc: false
---

<slot name="/events/gcc2024/header" />

# Logistical details for talks, posters, and demos


## Talk details

For GCC2024, **all talks will be 10 minutes long**. This includes time for
discussion with the audience so please plan your presentation accordingly. Every
accepted talk will automatically have an option to also present a poster.

Slides for your talk will be projected on a screen in the 16:9 format.

GCC2024 presentations will be streamed live. To support virtual attendees, **the
organizers will need slides for all talks by June 15.** We ask that you please
create your slides in [Google Slides](https://slides.google.com), share the
slide deck with *anyone with the link* (in view-only mode), and provide a link
in [this
spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-YnNkpP9jQ40SlFno-eemR33-KfjBn-W2vPkC5LhRCk/edit?usp=sharing)
by the June 15 deadline. Note that there is no prescribed template for the
slides, just the ask to use Google Slides to make and share your slides. Also
note that you are welcome to change your slides even after you've provided a
link to them, all the way until the morning of your presentation. You can see
when you will talk on the [schedule](/events/gcc2024/schedule/#talks) page.


## Poster details

**Posters should fit within a 96cm wide and 110cm heigh (37" x 44") space, or A0
paper format**. Supplies for hanging posters are provided during the poster
sessions. You must bring a printed poster to the conference; there will be no
opportunity to print at the conference or for the organizers to print your
poster.

If you do not want to travel with a poster, here are a couple of companies in
Brno that will print posters. Check with them about the timelines by when they
have to have received your poster to print it in time.

* [Copy General](https://www.copygeneral.cz/velke-tiskoviny/plakaty)
* [Planotisk](https://www.planotisk.cz/)


## Demo details

Demo presentations give you an opportunity to showcase your software live for
the attendees. Demo sessions will be held alongside posters and you will be
provided with a table to place your laptop. There will be wifi connectivity
available but you need to bring your own laptop. Beyond that, it is entirely up
to you how you organize the demo.
