---
autotoc: false
---

<slot name="/events/gcc2024/header" />

# JXTX Fellowships for GCC2024

The [JXTX Foundation](https://jxtxfoundation.org/) generously sponsored 6
fellowships for participating at GCC2024! Complete details about the fellowships
area available at the [foundation
website](https://jxtxfoundation.org/news/2024-2-19-gcc) and below are some
details about the 6 outstanding recipients. They will each have a talk or a
poster at GCC so make sure to stop by and chat with them about their work.

<table style="width: 100%">
  <tbody>
    <tr class="lead text-left" style="background-color: white">
      <td style="border: 0; width: 20%;">
        <img src="/images/events/gcc2024/shweta-pandey.png" style="max-height: 200px;" alt="Shweta Pandey" />
      </td>
      <td style="border: 0;">
        <strong>Shweta Pandey</strong><br/>
        <a href="https://www.imtech.res.in/" target="_blank">CSIR-Institute of Microbial Technology (CSIR-IMTECH)</a><br/>
        Chandigarh, India<br/>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Shweta Pandey is a research scholar at the CSIR-Institute of Microbial
Technology (CSIR-IMTECH), Chandigarh, India. She has a background in
Biotechnology and is currently pursuing her PhD in Bioinformatics with Dr. Anshu
Bhardwaj in CSIR-IMTECH. Shweta's research focuses on investigating shared
genetic components of comorbidities using data-driven approaches. Shweta has
received several awards including the travel grant award from BHU, India, where
she presented her work on mitochondria-driven comorbidities. More recently she
also received recognition for being in the top three candidates in a bio quiz
organized by the Genomics India Conference leading to a waiver on her
registration fees. She has also been awarded a research grant towards
understanding sleep-related comorbidities in collaboration with clinicians from
DST-Chandigarh. She has volunteered at the Good Air Summit in 2019. Shweta was
also an ex-HR member of the Aashman Foundation. She is passionate about
investigating circadian rhythm-associated comorbidities to gain insights into
the underlying mechanisms of genetically associated comorbid conditions. She
enjoys coding, experimenting with new recipes in the kitchen, singing her
favorite tunes, and immersing herself in nature's beauty.

<hr/>

<table style="width: 100%">
  <tbody>
    <tr class="lead text-left" style="background-color: white">
      <td style="border: 0; width: 20%;">
        <img src="/images/events/gcc2024/natalia-padillo-anthemides.png" style="max-height: 200px;" alt="Natalia Padillo-Anthemides" />
      </td>
      <td style="border: 0;">
        <strong>Natalia Padillo-Anthemides</strong><br/>
        <a href="https://www.ufl.edu/" target="_blank">University of Florida</a><br/>
        Gainesville, FL, USA<br/>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Natalia is a 2nd year Genetics and Genomics PhD student in the Ryan Lab at
University of Florida’s Whitney Laboratory for Marine Bioscience. Leveraging
single-cell RNA sequencing while learning from generous online resources like
Galaxy Training Single Cell, her project focuses on the genomics of neurons in
ctenophores in order to better understand the evolution of nervous systems in
animals. Natalia is eager to attend GCC to connect with fellow scholars who
share her passion, deepen her understanding of how to translate knowledge into
practical tools for research, and cultivate innovative analytical approaches in
bioinformatics to tackle the nuanced challenges within her field.

<hr/>

<table style="width: 100%">
  <tbody>
    <tr class="lead text-left" style="background-color: white">
      <td style="border: 0; width: 20%;">
        <img src="/images/events/gcc2024/luca-degardi.png" style="max-height: 200px;" alt="Luca Degradi" />
      </td>
      <td style="border: 0;">
        <strong>Luca Degradi</strong><br/>
        <a href="https://www.unimi.it/it" target="_blank">Università degli Studi di Milano</a><br/>
        Milano, Italy<br/>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Luca Degradi is an Italian researcher and educator who is passionate about
molecular biology and bioinformatics. He obtained a Bachelors degree in
Agricultural Science and Technology from the Università degli Studi di Milano in
2018. His thesis on GMO perception in Italy reflects his dedication to exploring
scientific frontiers and their societal implications. Luca obtained a
Masters degree in Biotechnology for the Bioeconomy, achieving an
outstanding mark of 110/110 with honors. During his masters, he conducted
groundbreaking research on fungal genomics, with a particular focus on Fusarium
species, under the guidance of Prof. M. Pasquali. His work led to the
publication of several groundbreaking papers, including the first telomere-to-
telomere genome assembly of Fusarium musae, a pathogen that affects both bananas
and humans. Currently, Luca is pursuing a PhD at the Università degli Studi di
Milano, researching Fusarium mycotoxins to improve food safety and quality. He
is now working on the genomic differences and possible determinant of human
infection in trans-kingdom pathogens like Fusarium sp. His research demonstrates
his unwavering commitment to addressing real-world challenges through scientific
inquiry. Luca has proficiency in various technical domains, including
bioinformatics, genome assembly and annotation, and data science. He is fluent
in both Italian and English and contributes to interdisciplinary research with
his collaborative spirit and problem-solving skills. Luca is an
excellent scientist-educator who blends academic excellence with a profound
commitment to societal impact and knowledge dissemination.

<hr/>

<table style="width: 100%">
  <tbody>
    <tr class="lead text-left" style="background-color: white">
      <td style="border: 0; width: 20%;">
        <img src="/images/events/gcc2024/morgan-howells.png" style="max-height: 200px;" alt="Morgan Howells" />
      </td>
      <td style="border: 0;">
        <strong>Morgan Howells</strong><br/>
        <a href="https://www.open.ac.uk/" target="_blank">The Open University</a><br/>
        Milton Keynes, England<br/>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Morgan Howells is a third year BSc student studying Computing & IT at The Open
University. He has a passionate interest in deep learning and its application in
bioinformatics. His final year project is focusing on leveraging large scale
single-cell transcriptomics data to train neural networks for cell type
classification. He is also currently engaged in work conducting scRNA-seq
analysis to profile and track changes in drug-resistant and sensitive cells
within prostate cancer tissues.

<hr/>

<table style="width: 100%">
  <tbody>
    <tr class="lead text-left" style="background-color: white">
      <td style="border: 0; width: 20%;">
        <img src="/images/events/gcc2024/drielli-canal.png" style="max-height: 200px;" alt="Drielli Canal " />
      </td>
      <td style="border: 0;">
        <strong>Drielli Canal </strong><br/>
        <a href="http://www.ufrgs.br/english/home" target="_blank">Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul</a><br/>
        Porto Alegre, Brazil<br/>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Drielli Canal graduated from Federal University of Espírito Santo, Southeast
Brazil, in Biological Sciences which enabled her to go into the fields of
genetics and plant breeding. Consequently, she did her masters project looking
into guava genomics via the use of bioinformatics and molecular analyses. Driven
by a passion for species conservation, her Ph.D at the Federal University of Rio
Grande do Sul, Southern Brazil, focused on investigating the genetic foundations
of essential oil biosynthesis in native Brazilian species. During the PhD, she
spent 6 months at Cardiff University in Wales, enhancing the knowledge in gene
cloning and enzymatic assays. Currently, Drielli is working as a guest
researcher at the State University of Campinas, São Paulo, studying an Amazonian
ground-herb which is adapted to water flooded environments by looking into its
genomic regulation in a flooding gradient.

<hr/>

<table style="width: 100%">
  <tbody>
    <tr class="lead text-left" style="background-color: white">
      <td style="border: 0; width: 20%;">
        <img src="/images/events/gcc2024/ahmad-azani-othman.png" style="max-height: 200px;" alt="Ahmad Azani Othman" />
      </td>
      <td style="border: 0;">
        <strong>Ahmad Azani Othman</strong><br/>
        <a href="https://www.uitm.edu.my/index.php/en/" target="_blank">Universiti Teknologi MARA</a><br/>
        Shah Alam, Malaysia<br/>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

Ahmad Azani Othman, currently in his second year of PhD studies in molecular
microbiology at Universiti Teknologi MARA (UiTM) Malaysia, is deeply immersed in
the fascinating world of microbial diversity. His research project centers
around the external and internal (gut) microbiome of blowflies collected from
both Malaysia’s pristine reserve forests and bustling urban areas. By employing
a metagenomic approach (specifically, 16S rRNA sequencing), Ahmad aims to
compare the biodiversity and intricate interplay between blowflies and bacterial
populations.

His academic journey has been rich and diverse. He holds a Master of Science
degree in Molecular Medical Microbiology from The University of Nottingham and
earned his Bachelor of Science with honors from Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia
(National University of Malaysia). Prior to his PhD studies, Ahmad served as a
microbiologist at the National Blood Centre in Kuala Lumpur for six years.
During this time, he led efforts in screening for pathogens related to
transfusion-transmitted infections using serology and multiplex PCR techniques.

Ahmad’s aspirations extend beyond the lab. He seeks to deepen his understanding
of genomic data analysis, particularly leveraging the Galaxy platform, and
acquire new skills and knowledge that will enhance his future research
endeavors. Networking with fellow researchers and attending training sessions
and workshops are also high on his agenda. Ahmad Azani Othman’s dedication to
unraveling the mysteries of microbial communities associated with blowflies and
his commitment to advancing scientific knowledge make him an asset to the field
of molecular microbiology.

<hr/>
