---
autotoc: false
---

<slot name="/events/gcc2024/header" />


# Brno, Czech Republic

**[Brno](https://www.amazingczechia.com/destinations/brno/) is a captivating,
mid-size city in the heart of Europe**, offering a captivating blend of the old
and the new. The city's historic center boasts dazzling medieval and Baroque
buildings, including the iconic [Špilberk
Castle](https://www.gotobrno.cz/en/place/spilberk-castle/) and the stunning
[Cathedral of St. Peter and
Paul](https://www.gotobrno.cz/en/place/cathedral-of-st-peter-and-paul/).

Brno is also a hub of education and innovation - including the GCC2024 host,
[Masaryk University](https://www.muni.cz/en) - contributing to its dynamic and
forward-thinking atmosphere. With a thriving arts scene, lively cafes, and a
deep connection to Czech history, Brno is a city that seamlessly marries
tradition with modernity, making it a fascinating destination for GCC2024
attendees.


## Getting to Brno

**Before making travel arrangements, don't forget to check any [Schengen visa
requirements](https://www.schengenvisainfo.com/who-needs-schengen-visa/) for
traveling to EU**. If you need a visa application letter from the conference,
please email the [organizers](mailto:gcc2024-org@gaggle.email).

You can comfortably get to Brno by air, bus, car or train.


### By air

Visitors of Brno can use [International Airport
Brno-Tuřany](https://www.brno-airport.cz/en/), which provides flights to
London/Stansted and other charter destinations. Most GCC attendees should use [Prague
Airport (PRG)](https://www.prg.aero/en#/) or [Vienna Airport
(VIE)](https://www.viennaairport.com/en/passengers).

The Brno airport is located 12km/20 minutes from the city center and you can
easily take a taxi or the express bus, which is located outside the
entrance to the airport terminal.

From the Vienna airport you can take a bus, operated by [Student
Agency](https://www.studentagency.eu/en), offering 8 connections daily from
Vienna to Brno from 13 EUR one way. Duration of the travel is approximately 2,5
hours. Tickets are available for purchase
[online](https://www.studentagency.eu/en).

From the Prague airport you can also take a bus, operated by [Student
Agency](https://www.studentagency.eu/en), offering 36 connections daily from 8
EUR one way. Duration of the travel is approximately 2,5 hours. Tickets are
available [online](https://www.studentagency.eu/en).


### By bus or train

[Student Agency](https://www.studentagency.eu/en) is a reliable bus and train
company. From Vienna and Prague, we also recommend the [RailJet
train](https://idos.idnes.cz/en/vlakyautobusymhdvse/spojeni/). A third option is
via Rail Europe, with trains from
[Vienna](https://www.raileurope.com/en-us/destinations/vienna-brno-train) or
[Prague](https://www.raileurope.com/en-us/destinations/prague-brno-train).


### By car

[Brno](https://maps.app.goo.gl/rx4QGKYY42DVauLq8) is located on the main Czech
highway D1 and D2. For highways and some bigger roads it is necessary to have a
[highway sticker](https://edalnice.cz/en/index.html), which is available for
purchased
[online](https://edalnice.cz/en/single-purchase/index.html#/eshop/order) or at
the border crossing, petrol stations, or post offices.


### By Taxi

Private airport transport is available from [Brno
Transport](https://www.brno-transport.cz/en/passenger-transport-order) with a
cost of about 130 EUR from either Prague or Vienna. The transport can be booked
directly on the [company
website](https://www.brno-transport.cz/en/passenger-transport-order).


If you will be arriving to Brno without a working cell service, it is a good
idea to save an offline map of the city on your phone before the trip to ease
navigation.


## Weather in Brno in June

In June, Brno experiences warm and pleasant summer weather:

* Average temperature: The average daytime high temperature in June in Brno is
  around 24°C (75°F). Average low temperature is 12°C (54°F).
* Sunshine: June marks the beginning of the summer season in Brno, and you can
  expect warm and comfortable weather during this time.
* Rainfall: The amount of rainfall in June is generally moderate, so you may
  encounter occasional showers. It's a good idea to have an umbrella or raincoat
  on hand.


# Accommodation

We are in the process of reserving room blocks at the following hotels in Brno
that will offer us a discounted nightly rate. Room availability is limited and
blocks will be released 45 days before GCC2024 starts so we recommend you plan
on reserving your room as soon as we have and publish the discount codes. Check
back here soon or sign up for the [GCC2024 mailing
list](https://gaggle.email/join/gcc2024-announce@gaggle.email). Note that all
hotels include breakfast.

1. [Hotel International](https://www.hotelinternational.cz/en/): EUR115 single or EUR135 double
2. [Hotel Grand](https://grandhotelbrno.cz/en/): EUR74
3. [Hotel Barcelo](https://www.barcelo.com/en-us/barcelo-brno-palace/): rate pending


# GCC2024 venue

GCC2024 will be held at the [Hotel
International](https://www.hotelinternational.cz/en/), located at [Husova 16,
602 00 Brno-střed](https://maps.app.goo.gl/SPxpRFZs6APq5TfG7).


# Activities beside the conference

The [BRNOPAS tourist card](https://www.gotobrno.cz/en/brnopas/) can be your
guide around Brno, highlighting interesting places and offering discounts or
free admission to the 5 popular places: gardens at Brno villas, Old Town Hall
tower, Brno underground, Cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul, and the Brno Zoo.
The card is also offers free ticket on city transportation.

More coming soon!
